CLIP zero shot image classification notebook (#715)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/228-clip-zero-shot-image-classification/README.md

# Zero-shot Image Clasification with OpenAI CLIP
Zero-shot image classification is a computer vision task to classify images into one of several classes, without any prior training or knowledge of the classes. 

> ![zero-shot-pipeline](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29454499/207773481-d77cacf8-6cdc-4765-a31b-a1669476d620.png)

Author: Unfortunately there is no source image, because it is 3 separated images combined using HTML on source page

> In this tutorial we will use [OpenAI CLIP](https://github.com/openai/CLIP) model for performing zero-shot image classification. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial we will use [OpenAI CLIP](https://github.com/openai/CLIP) model to perform zero-shot image classification. 
```
